Papermaking is in the hands of the Menvar clan
His Majesty wants to promote science and engineering
Isn't it just papermaking?
I have it at my fingertips
Hmph, you really love to brag
Papermaking is a mystery of the Menwar clan
Paper from bark
Bamboo rags
Hemp head as raw material
After rubbing
Nest pounding and other processes are simple
Even if His Majesty can make paper
And what about books?
Copy a book for at least two or three months
I have a technology called printing books.
Thousands of books can be printed in a day
How can you print thousands of copies a day?
This is the printing press.
similar
What are you and how did you come up with it?
I have already said that I am only nine years tall
Xuefu
If you say you are fat, you will gasp
Su Hai, what about you for a while?
Follow the process on this paper
Go find a craftsman
Make a batch of paper
His Majesty did not expect him to be so stupid
For 40 million silver
Even the oral lift system will be abolished
Your Highness, this is a good thing
As long as you dare to prepare for the imperial examinations
Those who read all over the world will rise up and attack
At that time, the prince will guard the situation
But Chen, God help me too
God help me too
Your Highness, you have won over the cultural world
I tricked you again
I killed two birds with one stone.
The king is now
I can't wait.